WordTrader User Experience Notes

The game runs in the browser using unity. If possible I'd like to also make iphone and android clients, but I don't
want to spend money or enter into corporate contracts. If I have to it will be only on browser.

People go to the webpage and create an account. We don't store any personal details except their hashed password and 
hashed recovery email. If they lose their password they can enter their email and if we find its hash we will send a
 recover email to the address. We also support google and other providers if it is reasonable to do so.
 
 People are encouraged to connect to their close friends and family through their phone contacts if possible, 
 but they are encouraged not to spam their whole address book. Perhaps we only allow people to have limited invites 
 which will produce tighter networks of players. By playing you would earn more invites.
 
 Each player has an inventory of word tiles. They are similar to fridge magnets, but more abstract and possibly rocklike.
 
 On account creation players are given random pools of words that they can pick their initial set from.
 
 There are games available to play.
  
 The first game is Ghost. In this players take turns adding a letter to a word they are collectively spelling. When
 a player cannot think of a letter that would continue the word they challenge the previous player to prove they were 
 spelling a real word. That player must produce a word from their inventory that could have been spelled if the game 
 continued or they lose and the next player wins. If they produce the word they win another copy of that word. Also if
  a player adds a letter that does form a complete word any other player with the tile of that word can
  challenge them. If the challenger can produce the tile they win the match and win another copy of the word. The player 
  who played the word loses the match, but also gains a copy of the word in their inventory.
  
  In a second form of Ghost players do not use their inventory. Instead they play entirely from their imagination
  with the tiles words being replaced with simply typing in the word they claim they were spelling. The rewards for 
  having your word challenged are the same, but the reward for recognizing that someone else accidently spelled a word 
  go only to the challenger.
  
  The first version is played purely from peoples inventory, but in the second version there is a digitized source of 
  words that can be used. It is designed to be as extensive as possible including obscure and archaic words. Over time
  other words sources in many languages will be brought in.
  
  Games on this platform can use a subset of word sources or all of them. Games like Ghost would be hard to play in
   multiple languages because so many words would accidently be spelled.
   
   Other games will involve turn based generative word play. One example is a game where players have objectives they 
   need to convey to other players so they can collective solve a puzzle. However they can only communicate with 
   a subset of their inventory. In this case multiple languages could mix, but the client would also show the word in
   the configured lannguage of the app
    